# RAIT ML and Deployment Session - 2024-09-30

## Problem Statement

A financial institution is planning to roll out a stock market trading facilitation service for their existing account holders. This service costs significant amount of money for the bank in terms of infra, licensing and people cost. To make the service offering profitable, they charge a percentage base commission on every trade transaction. However this is not a unique service offered by them, many of their other competitors are offering the same service and at lesser commission some times. To retain or attract people who trade heavily on stock market and in turn generate a good commission for institution, they are planning to offer discounts as they roll out the service to entire customer base.

Problem is , that this discount, hampers profits coming from the customers who do not trade in large quantities . To tackle this issue , company wants to offer discounts selectively. To be able to do so, they need to know which of their customers are going to be heavy traders or money makers for them.

To be able to do this, they decided to do a beta run of their service to a small chunk of their customer base [approx 10000 people]. For these customers they have manually divided them into two revenue categories 1 and 2. Revenue one category is the one which are money makers for the bank, revenue category 2 are the ones which need to be kept out of discount offers. We need to use this study's data to build a prediction model which should be able to identify if a customer is potentially eligible for discounts [falls In revenue grid category 1]. Lets get the data and begin.